and there's already coming divine gurizada
now we are arriving at porto alegre
city ​​also to pass does 15 kilometers
for paraiba and then I called pro electro né
I had arranged to receive me.
and I called him already
We agreed place and all had taken from the
I agree with mine, man. It's too much.
and when I left home I was
cold and for me to get out of cheer or my
lipstick required documents to heat
fuck are my team back 12 plans with
Porto Alegre
look at the state capital the right
We're coming, you might want to talk.
pontiac do guaíba
there you have to go straight to the sertório
and then the guild says that it will be there only
the church of the bridge of guaíba here to
who does not know this part of the environment and
these towers
they raise the ground in the middle of the bridge to
that the boats can cross to
here and there understood this is the morality of
stuff here that part I am now is
that taking
Attention attention until the airport sound
It's here and then I keep it now
here left or right hand
I find it easier to maintain the right
the sertório tire north zone
It's us here my face said so
I went down and weird green fucking it
said the sister
where are the guys, man, let's stop here at
audi front with the sonar Here is a point
or power on
in the bay
to giovanni it will be an hour
Hello, man, look, I just got here and do not
I saw you decided to raise donated sertório
then I came here I spoke here in front of
The audi dealer is connected to
this store in that store does not
tends to be makes refer to sertório
and I stopped here on the official party
audi
when I said that mechanic there and I think
is that well have to put forward to
the helmet does not appear
I think that gave so will not
there's nothing crazy here or I've learned one
thing the video on the road walking pop
with a shit that can not talk
Nothing and I can not seem to feel better.
good or not
Paulo
strange is its mix of listening to a
bedroom and a coffee table
just seems to me it seems like the
the sound of the sea next to the connected one that
well those four geckos g1
O
Come here, you 'll double the journey.
what noise was mine but it's beautiful
it seems until there are 200 né
the partnership on the coasts
beyond the post
to die
Hmm
ugly
My fucking Bruno's entrance.
to invoice more annoying annoying talk to
way to anyone
it's more a city
O
Barddal sparrow where are you I know
you are here
I know that a couple can make a descent.
this Barddal night where are you
the brazil forward
I do not know how it hurts
the guilt
He said he did not feel that dose here
the valongo